1. What is a gitignore file and what should it include for a Java project?

A. gitingnore file consists of lists of extensions which the repository should not contain
   For example, for a java project we do not want .class, .project or .jar and .war files to be included in our repoitory. We would need only .java files mainly for our source control
   In that case, the gitignore file will have .calss, .project, .jar etc as its contents.
   For IntelliJ, below file extensions can be ignored
   .idea/modules.xml
   .idea/*.iml
   .idea/modules
   *.iml
   *.ipr

   For Eclipse, below file extensions can be ignored
   .settings/
   .classpath
   .project



2. What does fast-forward in Git mean ?

A. When you merge a feature branch with the master branch, and if the master branch is not divergent from the initial commit, git simply points its HEAD pointer to the latest commits of the feature branch. This is called git fast-forward. If the master is divergent (i.e, if there are other commits to master after the branch was created ), fast-forward will not work. In fast-forward, merge won't create new commit, instead HEAD pointer is pointed to lates commit of feature branch.

3. Why should you have different branches ?
 
   There are multiple reasons for having branches:
   - When you don't want to mess up your working code of master branch.
   - When multiple people are working on multiple features, create branch for each feature. Once it is completed merge with master and continue.
   - Code reviews will become easier since only a chunk of code of feature branch will have to be reviewed
   - When there is a issue in the production code, you can create a branch for that particular bug-fix and resolve it and then merge with master branch

4. In a project how many remote Git repositories do you usually have?
   Just one git repository for a project
   One scenario I can think of is when you want to create read only replica of your project and share it with other people, you can have read-only repo and your main repository can be read-write.
